Modify the wrong knowledge points (#1643)
rocky-linux/documentation: docs/books/admin_guide/03-commands.md

| `-d`                                                         | Displays information about a directory instead of listing its contents.                                                              |
| `-g`                                                         | Like -l option, but do not list owner.                                                                                               |
| `-h`                                                         | Displays file sizes in the most appropriate format (byte, kilobyte, megabyte, gigabyte, ...). `h` stands for Human Readable. Needs to be used with -l option.         |

> | `-s`                                                         | Displays the allocated size of each file, in blocks. In the `ls` command, the default size of a single block is 1024Byte. In the GNU/Linux operating system, "block" is the smallest unit of storage in the file system, and generally speaking, one block is equal to 4096Byte.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-s`                                                         | Displays the allocated size of each file, in blocks. In the `ls` command, the default size of a single block is 1024 bytes. In the GNU/Linux operating system, "block" is the smallest unit of storage in the file system, and generally speaking, one block is equal to 4096 bytes.  |
```
